That is not okay.
Let's do this.
So function calling.
Let's do that.
So let's set up our code.
So first thing is I'll make
a file called functions.js, okay?
And we're gonna import from openai,
the file that I created.
And we're gonna get openai.
Cool, and we're gonna do all this
thing called Advanced Calculator.
In this demo, I'm just gonna walk through
how we can teach GPT how
to do advanced math.
It actually is not that good at math.
It seems like it is, but
if you ask it to do some quadratic form or
something like that, it'll just
live straight through its teeth.
So you probably wanna help it and
like teach to do math, but
we can actually write a function
to teach you anything.
And if I got time, I'll write
a function that talks to another AI and
have it do something.
And then you can see just how
crazy it gets cuz it's unexpected.
Cool, okay.
So we got that.
I'm gonna download that thing.
Events calculator, what is it?
It's pretty cool.
It takes a mathematical
expression as a string and
then it evaluates it,
which is exactly what I would want.
So it could take something like this,
right?
And then evaluate it.
Who made this?
Who sat down and
was like I'm gonna do this.
Good for them.
But this is great cuz the AI will probably
respond with something like this and
we just wanna feed that to a function.
And this is the function.
So it's great.
It works out for us.
So we're gonna teach the AI
how to evaluate advanced math.
But we can teach it anything.
We can teach it anything
a function can do.
Just think about that.
Any function that you can write ever in
your life, you can have the AI do that.
So there's literally an infinite
amount of possibilities.
You can have this thing, you have
a function that sends back an entire React
app, it can do that, [LAUGH] right?
There's nothing it can't do.
So let's do that.
So we'll import that,
important math from that thing.
And then we'll make a question.
Oops.
There we go.
And same thing, process.argv2, or just,
some default thing, doesn't really matter.
We have that.
And then what we wanna do is,
first, we're just going to, so,
similar to the way we did chat,
we need a loop here.
But we're not gonna
create a chat interface,
we're just gonna have it run a function.
So we don't need an in-and-out thing,
we just needed to run on a loop because
it might need to make multiple calls.
So, we'll do like a wild true here.
But first,
let's just create our messages here.
So, the first one is just gonna be
I just skip the system message.
You can add a system message if you
want to, it doesn't really matter.
I just get the system message and
I put our first message in here.
It's gonna be whatever question
got typed in All right,
so that's the beginning of the message
history is a question from us.
And then from there,
I need to create an object that is gonna
act like a router for our functions.
Because, you'll see in a minute, the way
we know what function to run is because
we towed GPT what is the name
of the function to run, and
then we need to map that to
actual functions in our code.
So, the best way to map things
is with a map, an object.
So let's do that.
I'm gonna do that.
So in this case,
I'm gonna have one function.
You can call it whatever you want.
I'm just gonna call it calculate.
And calculate is basically,
I don't know why I have async here.
You don't need a async here.
It's going to take,
this is totally up to us.
I'm later on I'm gonna tell Open AI
that when you call calculate,
you need to pass me an object with
a property on it called expression.
It must be in a property
called expression.
And it has to be like a string.
I'm going to I'm going to give GPT
a schema on how to pass an argument to
this function if it wants to call it.
And it's up to you.
It's a design choice.
I'm choosing to accept an object with
a property on it called expression that's
always gonna be a string because
that's what this function wants.
This math that evaluate takes in a string.
So it's just easy for
me to get that from GPT.
If I got back a number, then I have to
figure out how to translate that number to
a string and then feed it here.
It's too much work.
Okay, and then I'm just gonna return
math.evaluates, or what is it?
Yeah, math.evaluate, and
then pass it that expression.
And this is what I'm gonna
return back to ChatGPT.
Whatever the result of that is.
So we got our functions and eventually
you can add more functions here.
Yeah, can add whatever functions you want.
It's just a function.